lint repo (#755)
withastro/astro.build: src/content/blog/vercel-official-hosting-partner.mdx

### Supporting More Hosting Providers

We've built all of these features in collaboration with Vercel by leveraging their [Build Output API](https://vercel.com/docs/build-output-api/v3), but Astro supports plenty of other [hosting platforms](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/deploy/) as well. Each feature announced here was designed in a platform-agnostic way so that all hosting platforms can take advantage. We are looking forward to working with other hosting providers over the coming months to integrate these features into their platforms as well. 

## Astro ❤️ Vercel

Astro is honored and excited to have Vercel as our new official hosting partner. We are grateful for the support of Lee Robinson and the entire Vercel team for their help and evangelism. It's because of support from companies like Vercel that we are able to receive ongoing maintenance and keep developing Astro in an open, financially-sustainable way. 

> You can learn more about how we use these funds on our [FUNDING.md](http://funding.md/) document on GitHub. If you or your company use Astro in production, consider supporting Astro's development by sponsoring us on [Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/astrodotbuild) or [GitHub Sponsors](https://github.com/sponsors/withastro).

Reviewer: I guess this link has to be replaced with the actual `FUNDING.md`

```suggestion
You can learn more about how we use these funds on our [FUNDING.md](https://github.com/withastro/.github/blob/main/FUNDING.md) document on GitHub. If you or your company use Astro in production, consider supporting Astro's development by sponsoring us on [Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/astrodotbuild) or [GitHub Sponsors](https://github.com/sponsors/withastro).
```
